docs/docs/features/02-queuebrowser.mdx, before:

# Queue Browser

The Queue Browser allows you to view and manage messages in your message queues across different brokers.

![queuebrowser-jsonbody.png](assets%2Fqueuebrowser-jsonbody.png)

## Broker Selection
Select the broker you want to browse from the dropdown menu at the top of the Queue Browser panel.
Depending on the messaging system this may be a single broker or a cluster of brokers.
For some systems (i.e. AWS SQS) this list shows the regions as there is no "broker" concept.

## Queue List and Filter
- The left panel displays a list of available queues for the selected broker.
- Click on the "Queue Name" column to get to the filter box above the queue list to quickly find specific queues.

## Message View
- Select a queue to view its messages in the main panel.
- Use the Refresh button to update the message list.
- To delete a message, select it and click the Delete button.
- To save or export messages, select the desired messages and use the Save button.

## Drag and Drop
If supported by the broker, you can drag and drop messages between queues for easy message movement.

## Search and Filter
Use the search field below the message list to find specific messages based on content, headers, or properties.
Next to the search field is a filter checkbox that allows you to filter the message list matching the search term.
It also allows you to inverse the search result by clicking the filter checkbox again.

![filter-invers.png](assets%2Ffilter-invers.png)

## Message Details
Select a message to view its details in the bottom panel:
- Metadata: If available, displays message metadata such as receipt count, timestamps,etc.
- Headers: Displays message headers such as JMSMessageID, JMSTimestamp, etc.
- Properties: Shows custom properties set on the message.
- Content: Displays the message body, with formatting options for different content types (e.g., XML, JSON, Text).

Commit message:

fix: not all provider plugins support delete single messages, a new feature flag allows us to control this

docs/docs/features/02-queuebrowser.mdx, after:

# Queue Browser

The Queue Browser allows you to view and manage messages in your message queues across different brokers.

![queuebrowser-jsonbody.png](assets%2Fqueuebrowser-jsonbody.png)

## Broker Selection
Select the broker you want to browse from the dropdown menu at the top of the Queue Browser panel.
Depending on the messaging system this may be a single broker or a cluster of brokers.
For some systems (i.e. AWS SQS) this list shows the regions as there is no "broker" concept.

## Queue List and Filter
- The left panel displays a list of available queues for the selected broker.
- Click on the "Queue Name" column to get to the filter box above the queue list to quickly find specific queues.

## Message View
- Select a queue to view its messages in the main panel.
- Use the Refresh button to update the message list.
- To save or export messages, select the desired messages and use the Save button.

### Message Deletion (Server-Side)
- Select one or more messages and click the **Delete** button to permanently remove them from the queue.
- **Important**: This operation permanently deletes messages from the broker/server.
- Deleted messages cannot be recovered.
- Platform support required - available for: ActiveMQ, SonicMQ, Solace, RabbitMQ (with JMS plugin), AWS SQS.

## Drag and Drop
If supported by the broker, you can drag and drop messages between queues for easy message movement.

## Search and Filter
Use the search field below the message list to find specific messages based on content, headers, or properties.
Next to the search field is a filter checkbox that allows you to filter the message list matching the search term.
It also allows you to inverse the search result by clicking the filter checkbox again.

![filter-invers.png](assets%2Ffilter-invers.png)

## Message Details
Select a message to view its details in the bottom panel:
- Metadata: If available, displays message metadata such as receipt count, timestamps,etc.
- Headers: Displays message headers such as JMSMessageID, JMSTimestamp, etc.
- Properties: Shows custom properties set on the message.
- Content: Displays the message body, with formatting options for different content types (e.g., XML, JSON, Text).
